  Since the start of my software engineering journey, I always had one goal in mind. My goal was to become a data scientist. Now I know for some that sounds like the absolutely worst job to have, my friends surely did, but I don’t let that discourage me. Currently, I am in my third year as a student at the University of Hawaii at Manoa on my way to complete my undergraduate degree. Throughout my semesters as a student at UHM, I realized I have learned a lot of software engineering skills. I started from literally no knowledge about how to write code or how to go about solving complex problems, but I learned and developed some of the skills I need to thrive as a software engineer. However, I know that there is more to learn and experience.
	I am now starting a software engineering class that I thought was going to only teach me about problems analysis and web design. However, I realized during the first day that I am going to develop more than just that. Based on how the class is structured, I need to learn how to communicate and network with my classmates. I grew up as a pretty introverted child and was always scared to talk to people first, but throughout the semester, I hope to learn how to be more confident and learn to express my ideas clearly. I hope that in the future I will be able to communicate with people better and learn how to express the ideas that I have.
	I hope that in the near future I will be able to interact more with artificial intelligence and machine learning. Last year, I took an introductory course into machine learning and artificial intelligence and while it was hard, I found it to be interesting. A professor for a class that I am currently taking is actively encouraging us to use AI to help us since he believes that eventually we will need to be able to use them in the future. I totally agree with him since I believe that eventually AI will become something similar to the internet where we see it and interact with it everywhere. 
